Add history to cy.session and add new migration example to v12 (#4975)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/references/migration-guide.md

The best way to ensure your tests are independent is to add a `.only()` to your
test and verify it can run successfully without the test before it.

> #### Simulating Pre-Test Isolation Behavior

Author: per: https://cypressio.slack.com/archives/C01TQQCQLJY/p1671214318998819?thread_ts=1671204964.667979&cid=C01TQQCQLJY

> Test isolation did most truly exist pre-12. Pre-Cypress 12, the behavior was a

Reviewer: "did most truly"?

> Test isolation did most truly exist pre-12. Pre-Cypress 12, the behavior was a

Author: ```suggestion
Test isolation did no truly exist pre-12. Pre-Cypress 12, the behavior was a
```

hybrid of both `testIsolation` enabled and disabled. All local storage and

> cookies on the current domain were cleared, however, we did not clear session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cookies on the current domain were cleared, but Cypress did not clear session
```

storage and the page always persisted.

> Now when `testIsolation` is enabled, local storage, session storage and cookies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Cypress 12+ when `testIsolation` is enabled, local storage, session storage and cookies
```

> in **all** domains are cleared and the page is cleared. When `testIsolation`` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in **all** domains are cleared and the page is cleared. When `testIsolation` is
```

disabled, nothing is cleared before the next test so all local storage, session
storage and cookies & the page persists.

If you wanted to match pre-Cypress 12 behavior, you need to disable
`testIsolation`, then run `cy.clearLocalStorage()` and `cy.clearCookies()` in a
beforeEach hook to clear the local storage and cookies in the current domain.

```js
describe('match pre-12 behavior', { testIsolation: false }, () => {
  beforeEach(() => {
    cy.clearLocalStorage()
    cy.clearCookies()
    // other beforeEach logic to restore the expected local storage or cookies needed on the client.
  })
})
```

Many of the issues test isolation solved were around cookie management with

> people trying to save and persist cookies because the page was still available,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tests trying to save and persist cookies because the page was still available,
```

but the cookies on the domain were unexpectedly cleared which broke interactions

> with their application. It wasn’t obvious Cypress was doing a partial browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the application. It wasn’t obvious Cypress was doing a partial browser
```

> clean up, which is why explicitly setting test isolation to enabled or disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clean up. Explicitly setting test isolation to enabled or disabled
```
